objective 

Their objective was to differentiate unhealthy regions from healthy leaves, determine the Cercospora leaf region, leaf rust and powdery mildew, and detect diseases
 before any particular symptoms were visible.

The IoT based system allows objects to be sensed or controlled remotely across existing network infrastructure, creating opportunities for more direct integration of the physical world into computer-based systems and resulting in improved efficiency,
 accuracy and economic benefit with the added merits of minimum human ...



Methodology





For agricultural monitoring system:
Step 1: Start
Step 2: Entire Project kit placed near the crop field
Step 3: Sensors senses and gives the accurate measures
Step 4: Values send to Arduino Uno
Step 5: All Data sends to the server
Step 6: Suitable crop and its NPK values on Farmers
mobile.
Step 7: Stop

For plant diseases detection using raspberry pi:

In order to develop a model for leaf disease detection, the approach used is deep 
CNN. 1. DATASET For the purpose of image- based identification which includes, training phase to evaluation phase where the performance of classification algorithms areevaluated,
 it is necessary to have huge data sets. Subsequently, there is a need to enhance the dataset by adding the images that areaugmented.
 This paper further train the network to learn features that differentiates one class from other.
 Correspondingly, adatabase comprising of more than 5000 images are used to train and around 1000 images are further used to validate the same.
 2.PROCESS AND LABEL OF IMAGES Several samples of images are collected which are spread across in several formats havingvarying levels of resolutions and hence the variations in quality.
 Thus, to acquire a reasonable feature extraction, the final imagesare used as input data for classifier which are then pre-processed to achieve consistency.
 It is further ensured that at the time of datacollection, those of the images whose resolution is smaller and which has a dimension less than 500px is not taken intoconsideration as valid images for the dataset.
 As such, images having higher resolution form the potential candidates for thisinvestigation purpose.
 Consequently, images are ascertained to contain all the required information for feature learning.Accordingly, images used for the dataset were image resized to 50 X 50.
 This ensures that there is a reduction of the time requiredfor training and automatically computes it using written script in Python, using the OpenCV framework.
 Pre-processing imagesinvolves outsourcing background noise, intensity normalization of individual image particles, removing reflections and masking portions of images.
 The dataset of the plant leaf, various diseases, pests and soil images are trained in python tool and classified intovarious clusters which classifies various labels.
 Convolution Neural Networks is designed for accurate analysis. UnsupervisedLearning classification is used since the input image is unknown and new to the algorithm. 
Most of the real time applications needunsupervised learning data since the input is always unknown to the algorithm. Machine Learning algorithm: Based on the featureextraction parameters, 
the algorithm predicts whether the crop is going to get any pest and disease attacks in future




REFERENCES

Agarwal, R. and Karahanna, E. Time flies when you're having
fun:Cognitive absorption and beliefs about information technology
usage, MIS Quarterly, vol. 24, no. 4, pp. 665-694, 2000.
2. G.V. Satyanarayana , S D. Mazaruddin, "Wireless Sensor Based
RemoteMonitoring System for Agriculture using ZigBee and GPS",
Conference onAdvances in Communication and Control Systems,
2013.
3. Fanuhs asefaw aregay and Zhoo minjipum ”Impact of irrigation
onFertilizer Use Decision of Farmers”, journal of sustainable
developmentvolume5 number4 april 2012.
4. Nikes Gondchawar , R. S. Kawitkar, "IOT based Smart
Agriculture",International Journal of Advanced Research in
Computer
Communication Engineering, vol. 5, no. 6, pp. 2278-1021, June 2016.
[1] Nitrogen fixation’ available at
https:\\en.wikipedia.org/wiki Nitrogen
fixation, accessed February 2017
[2] Savary, s., ficke, A, Aubertort,j-n.,et al crop
losses sue to disaeses and their implications
for global food production losses.
[3] Mian MA. Missaoui, A.M walker D.R .,et al:
‘frog eye leaf spot of soybean: a review and
proposed race designations for isolates of
[4]. G.V. Satyanarayana , S D. Mazaruddin, "Wireless Sensor Based
RemoteMonitoring System for Agriculture using ZigBee and GPS",
Conference onAdvances in Communication and Control Systems,
2013.
[5]. Fanuhs asefaw aregay and Zhoo minjipum ”Impact of irrigation
onFertilizer Use Decision of Farmers”, journal of sustainable
developmentvolume5 number4 april 2012.
[6]. Nikes Gondchawar , R. S. Kawitkar, "IOT based Smart
Agriculture",International Journal of Advanced Research in
Computer
[7]Agarwal, R. and Karahanna, E. Time flies when you're having
fun:Cognitive absorption and beliefs about information technology
usage, MIS Quarterly, vol. 24, no. 4, pp. 665-694, 2000.
